Design
======

Setting
-------

Steampunk Egypt. The gods gave the inhabitants (or collaborated with them to
create) steampunk technology that e.g. is used to control the irrigation system.
At some point after that, some of the human started creating their own
technologies, such as dirigibles which tie to the tops of the pyramids and allow
them to actually hide from the gods.

Story
-----

You are a cat goddess of some sort. For some reason you end up in the human
realm in cat form. It also turns out that the irrigation system is broken, and
the humans don't know how to fix it because its original creators are no longer
around, so everyone is going to die of starvation. Also, nobody knows what's up
with the dirigibles.

Your goal is to fix the food problem and also (side quest?) figure out what's
going on with the dirigibles. The story is split into nine stages. In each
stage, if you die, it fast-forwards to the next stage. If you die in the ninth
stage, you have no lives left so no fast-forwarding. This fast-forwarding
generally means that you can "complete" a stage without actually completing it,
so you can go back and try to actually finish past stages. You can't finish the
ninth stage until you've fully finished the other eight.

Mechanics
---------

The game is an RPG platformer. Your character may have a mechanical limb of some
sort, so one of the things you can upgrade is that limb. The attributes you can
upgrade, rather than being normal things such as Strength or Charisma, would be
wacky things but we haven't figured those out yet. There would also be some sort
of crafting system in which you can put together mechanical items you've found.

In the platforming parts, obviously you're a cat, so you move as a cat does. You
can pounce and climb things and fit in small spaces and such. A bunch of the
levels will probably include sand, which you can maybe burrow in or scratch into
different places.
